Document Custom TMT test plans (#1039)
packit/packit.dev: fedora-ci/jobs.md

### Custom test plans

Custom [TMT](https://tmt.readthedocs.io/) test plans in [Testing Farm](https://testing-farm.io)

> run with a successfull scratch build.

Reviewer: Can we maybe mention what we mean by that? (I.e. should it be present in the repo? Do I, as a user, need to configure anything....

Author: @lachmanfrantisek WDYT?

Reviewer: Thanks! Looks good.

### Custom test plans

Custom [TMT](https://tmt.readthedocs.io/) test plans in [Testing Farm](https://testing-farm.io)

> run with a successfull scratch build. This requires `.fmf/version` to be present and at least one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run with a successful scratch build. This requires a tmt setup (`.fmf/version` presence used as an indicator) in the dist-git repository and at least one
```

Author: I'm not sure `tmt setup` is an established term, what about `TMT metadata` instead?
